Although the environment is a bit poor
But the food tastes excellent
Try it to see if it tastes like your hometown.
I said how did you come across the restaurant?
How do you know where I'm from?
Jiang Lili, have you never thought about it?
Perhaps we will meet in 2023
I came to this world a year before you
But it doesn't mean
I don't start from the same place as you
But you standing in the spotlight
How can you see me offstage?
You say yes.
Jiang Li, do you really know me?
Then, haven't you seen me with 100 kilograms?
I worked hard to lose weight
I finally met a real-world friend
Why do you still let me accept my sister-in-law?
Hey what do you care about
So what about 100 kilograms?
Anyway.
You look good.
Really. Hmm.
By the way, this is a column I did
Take a look!
Still as I told you before
30% higher than the market price for you.
You have the habit of putting your own manuscript in the newspapers
Not bad, huh?
But
I really have to thank you for the manuscript you gave President Meng last time
Let me recognize you at a glance
After all, in this day and age
But no one can use the knife-fighting routine
Hahahahaha novice
Newbie, eat it
Mr. Zhou, I have news here.
Are you interested?